Update readme based on most recent updates (#368)
microsoft/vscode-python-environments: README.md

# Python Environments (experimental)

## Overview

The Python Environments extension for VS Code helps you manage Python environments and packages using your preferred environment manager, backed by its extensible APIs. This extension provides unique support for specifying environments for specific files, entire Python folders, or projects, including multi-root and mono-repo scenarios. The core feature set includes: 

- 🌐 Create, delete, and manage environments
- 📦 Install and uninstall packages within the selected environment
- ✅ Create activated terminals
- 🖌️ Add and create new Python projects

> **Note:** This extension is in preview, and its APIs and features are subject to change as the project evolves.

> > **Important:** This extension requires the pre-release version of the Python extension (`ms-python.python`) to operate (version 2024.23.2025010901 or later).

Reviewer: This was needed originally when we published the first version back in December. I think all we need to say now is that we need v2024.23 or greater.

> > **Important:** This extension requires the pre-release version of the Python extension (`ms-python.python`) to operate (version 2024.23.2025010901 or later).

Author: ```suggestion
> **Important:** This extension requires version `2024.23`, or later, of the Python extension (`ms-python.python`).
```

## Features

> The "Python Projects" fold shows you all of the projects that are currently in your workspace and their selected environments. From this view you can add more files or folders as projects, select a new environment for your project, and manage your selected environments.

Reviewer: We should elaborate that a project in this case is anything that requires its own python environment.

Author: I go into detail about a project starting on line 59, is this ok?

The extension also provides an interface to install and uninstall Python packages, and provides APIs for extension developers to contribute package managers of their choice.

The extension uses `pip` as the default package manager, but you can use the package manager of your choice using the `python-envs.defaultPackageManager` setting. The following are package managers supported out of the box:

| Id                     | Name  |  Description|
| ---------------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ms-python.python:pip   | `pip`   | Pip acts as the default package manager and it's typically built-in to Python.                                                                                                                            |
| ms-python.python:conda | `conda` | The [conda](https://conda.org) package manager, as provided by conda distributions like [Anaconda Distribution](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/) or [conda-forge](https://conda-forge.org/download/). |

### Project Management

> A "Python Project" can be a file or folder that contains runnable Python code. With the Python Environments extension, you can add files and folders as projects and assign individual environments to them.

Author: ```suggestion
A "Python Project" is any file or folder that contains runnable Python code and needs its own environment. With the Python Environments extension, you can add files and folders as projects in your workspace and assign individual environments to them allowing you to run various projects more seamlessly.
```
